Disclaimer of Warranties
You hereby agree that:
A.If you use our Services, you do so at your own and sole risk. Our Service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. AbaGlobal expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. 
B.AbaGlobal does not warrant or guarantee that 
i.our Services will meet your requirements.
ii.our Services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free.
iii. any information that you may obtain on our Services will be accurate or reliable. 
iv. the quality of any products, services, information or other material purchased or obtained by you through our Services will meet your expectations. 
v. any information you provide or AbaGlobal collects will not be disclosed to third parties. 
vi. any information available on or through the Services will be free of infection by viruses, worms, trojan horses or anything else with destructive properties 
vii. the information provided to you by AbaGlobal will be free of any technical or other mistakes, inaccuracies or typographical errors. 
viii. any errors in any data or software will be corrected by us or by third parties who provide such data or software such as maps. 
ix. that the information available on or through the Services will not contain material which some individuals may deem objectionable. or 
x.            that the functions or services performed by the Services will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects in Service will be corrected. It is the sole responsibility of the user to isolate software and information, execute anti-contamination software and otherwise take steps to ensure that software or information, if contaminated or infected, will not damage the user's information or system. 
C. If you access or transmit any content through the use of our Services, you do so at your own discretion and your sole risk. You are solely responsible for any loss or damage to you in connection with such actions. and 
D. No data, information or advice obtained by you in oral or written form from us or through or from our Services will create any warranty not expressly stated in these terms. 



